Hello all,
Welcome to cetpa's Deep Learning Class.
Deep learning:
  Brief of Artificial Intelligence :
           Alan Turing 
           AI winters (1970-1990)
           1995 - till date.
             1. Availability of high-end Hardwares
                  GPU Nvidia-Cuda
             2. Availability of data:
                 What is the biggest source of data?
                     Social Media.
Artificial Intellegence is a big umberalla, inside which we have M.L,
D.L-- something which works on the limitations of machine learning
  and brings machine learning models more nearer to a.i
Limitations of Machine Learning:
  1. It doesn't works well on high dimension data.
  2. we need to perform feature extraction by ourselves.
Sir John Mccarthy , he is a computer scientist , who introduced the term A.I in the year 1956.
IBM's Deep BLue beats the world chess champions garry kasporav.
    How you perform in M.L?
      Correlation between features and target variable.'
      to find p-value and if p value < 0.05 , significant.
I lived in france for 20 years but now i am in india and i know how to frequently speak .......? French
Common Applications:
  image classification
  object detection
  google next word predictor-- email, google docs
  siri, cortana,alexa
Libraries -- Tensorflow, keras, matplotlib, pandas, numpy
What is Deep Learning?
Deep learning is an subfield of machine learning concerned with algorithms inspired 
by the structure and function of the brain called artificial neural networks.
What is "deep" in deep learning?
"Deep" in D.L stands for the idea of successive layers of representations --- how many layers contribute to a model of the data is called depth of model.

Deep learning is a multistage information distillation operation, where information
goes through successive filters and comes out increasingly "purified"
Calculas -- prequisite
Recipe of designing a neural network -- This is called recipe because by changing some components of the NN, we can create a completely different architectute with enhanced or reduced capabilities.
1. Select the number of hidden layers and number of neurons.
2. Select an activation function for every hidden layer.
3. select a loss/cost function
4. Select a metric for comparison
5. select batch-size
6.select optimizer
7. select the no of epochs.
Before diving deep into the deep learning lets just talk about lil bit machine
learning.
6 jars of Machine Learning.
1. Data - Ammount of data 
2. Task - Regression/classification
3.Model - a. probabilistic m.l algorithm (naive bayes algorithm)
          b. Kernal Based Algorithm (SVM)
4.Loss - Error (actual pred - predicted)
5.Learning algorithm:suppose you have some data, and you have to perform specific task on it for that you need to propose a model that will hopefully predict 
predict the values if the input vector.
How will you compute parameters(a,b,c), the model and the loss function?
stochastic gradient descent(and its variants)
Adagrad
RMSprop.
6. Evaluation : its like writing an exam to check if you have studied after completing the exercises in your text book.
 
          








